python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 2 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 4 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 8 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 16 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 32 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 111 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 111 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 222 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 222 --no-perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 333 --perform_certification
python neural_clbf/training/train_darboux.py --cbf_hidden_layers 8 --cbf_hidden_size 64 --random_seed 333 --no-perform_certification
